README.md, before:

# Minecraft Forge JavaDoc Reference

| **Minecraft Version** | **Forge Version** | **JavaDoc URL** |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 1.20.1 | 47.1.0 | [Link](https://mcstreetguy.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/1.20.1-47.1.0/) |
| 1.19.4 | 45.1.0 | [Link](https://mcstreetguy.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/1.19.4-45.1.0/) |

**Please note:** the provided docs may be outdated and partially incomplete.  
No guarantee is given for their correctness and completeness in any case.

## Older Versions

For older versions, please refer to the following repositories.

### 1.12.2 - 1.19.3

Generated and provided by [Nekoyue](https://github.com/Nekoyue):

[GitHub Repository](https://github.com/Nekoyue/ForgeJavaDocs-NG)  
[GitHub Page](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/)

| **Minecraft Version** | **Forge Version** | **JavaDoc URL** |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 1.19.3 | 44.1.8 | [Link](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/javadoc/1.19.3/) |
| 1.18.2 | 40.2.1 | [Link](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/javadoc/1.18.2/) |
| 1.17.1 | 37.1.0 | [Link](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/javadoc/1.17.1/) |
| 1.16.5 | 36.2.39 | [Link](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/javadoc/1.16.5/) |
| 1.15.2 | 31.2.47 | [Link](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/javadoc/1.15.2/) |
| 1.14.4 | 28.2.23 | [Link](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/javadoc/1.14.4/) |
| 1.13.2 | 25.0.220 | [Link](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/javadoc/1.13.2/) |
| 1.12.2 | 14.23.5 | [Link](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/javadoc/1.12.2/) |

### 1.7.10 - 1.12.2

Generated and provided by [skmedix](https://github.com/skmedix):

[GitHub Repository](https://github.com/skmedix/ForgeJavaDocs)  
[GitHub Page](https://skmedix.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/)

| **Minecraft Version** | **Forge Version** | **JavaDoc URL** |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 1.12.2 | 14.23.5 | [Link](https://skmedix.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/javadoc/forge/1.12.2-14.23.5.2859/) |
| 1.11.2 | 13.20.0 | [Link](https://skmedix.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/javadoc/forge/1.11.2-13.20.0.2228/) |
| 1.10.2 | 12.18.3 | [Link](https://skmedix.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/javadoc/forge/1.10.2-12.18.3.2185/) |
| 1.9.4 | 12.17.0 | [Link](https://skmedix.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/javadoc/forge/1.9.4-12.17.0.2051/) |
| 1.8.9 | 11.15.1 | [Link](https://skmedix.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/javadoc/forge/1.8.9-11.15.1.2318/) |
| 1.7.10 | 10.13.4 | [Link](https://skmedix.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/javadoc/forge/1.7.10-10.13.4.1614/) |

## Generating Forge JavaDocs

A guide for generating JavaDocs of newer versions on your own can be found in the [GUIDE](/GUIDE.md).

Commit message:

add javadoc for latest release

README.md, after:

# ForgeJavaDocs

| **Minecraft Version** | **Forge Version** | **Stable** | **JavaDoc Link** |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 1.20.1 | 47.1.46 | ✗ | [Forge 47.1.46 JavaDoc](https://mcstreetguy.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/1.20.1-latest/) |
| 1.20.1 | 47.1.0 | ✓ | [Forge 47.1.0 JavaDoc](https://mcstreetguy.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/1.20.1-47.1.0/) |
| 1.19.4 | 45.1.0 | ✓ | [Forge 45.1.0 JavaDoc](https://mcstreetguy.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/1.19.4-45.1.0/) |

**Please note:** the provided docs may be outdated and partially incomplete.  
No guarantee is given for their correctness and completeness in any case!

This is especially true for versions that are not marked as "stable".
These are based on "Latest" releases from Forge and can change anytime a new
version is released! However, all versions marked as "stable" are based on
"Recommended" releases, are therefore final and normally wont change anymore.

## Older Versions

For older versions, please refer to the following repositories.

### 1.12.2 - 1.19.3

Generated and provided by [Nekoyue](https://github.com/Nekoyue):

[GitHub Repository](https://github.com/Nekoyue/ForgeJavaDocs-NG)  
[GitHub Page](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/)

| **Minecraft Version** | **Forge Version** | **Link** |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 1.19.3 | 44.1.8 | [Link](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/javadoc/1.19.3/) |
| 1.18.2 | 40.2.1 | [Link](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/javadoc/1.18.2/) |
| 1.17.1 | 37.1.0 | [Link](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/javadoc/1.17.1/) |
| 1.16.5 | 36.2.39 | [Link](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/javadoc/1.16.5/) |
| 1.15.2 | 31.2.47 | [Link](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/javadoc/1.15.2/) |
| 1.14.4 | 28.2.23 | [Link](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/javadoc/1.14.4/) |
| 1.13.2 | 25.0.220 | [Link](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/javadoc/1.13.2/) |
| 1.12.2 | 14.23.5 | [Link](https://nekoyue.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs-NG/javadoc/1.12.2/) |

### 1.7.10 - 1.12.2

Generated and provided by [skmedix](https://github.com/skmedix):

[GitHub Repository](https://github.com/skmedix/ForgeJavaDocs)  
[GitHub Page](https://skmedix.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/)

| **Minecraft Version** | **Forge Version** | **Link** |
|:---:|:---:|:---:|
| 1.12.2 | 14.23.5 | [Link](https://skmedix.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/javadoc/forge/1.12.2-14.23.5.2859/) |
| 1.11.2 | 13.20.0 | [Link](https://skmedix.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/javadoc/forge/1.11.2-13.20.0.2228/) |
| 1.10.2 | 12.18.3 | [Link](https://skmedix.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/javadoc/forge/1.10.2-12.18.3.2185/) |
| 1.9.4 | 12.17.0 | [Link](https://skmedix.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/javadoc/forge/1.9.4-12.17.0.2051/) |
| 1.8.9 | 11.15.1 | [Link](https://skmedix.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/javadoc/forge/1.8.9-11.15.1.2318/) |
| 1.7.10 | 10.13.4 | [Link](https://skmedix.github.io/ForgeJavaDocs/javadoc/forge/1.7.10-10.13.4.1614/) |

## Generating Forge JavaDocs

A guide for generating JavaDocs of newer versions on your own can be found in the [GUIDE](/GUIDE.md).
